= enterprise

* http://github.com/tenderlove/enterprise/

== DESCRIPTION:

Wish you could write your Ruby in XML?  Has the fact that Ruby is not
"enterprise" got you down?  Do you feel like your Ruby code could be made to
be more "scalable"?  Well look no further my friend.  You've found the
enterprise gem.  Once you install this gem, you too can make Rails scale, Ruby
faster, your code more attractive, *and* have more XML in your life.

I'm sure you're asking yourself, "how can the enterprise gem promise so
much?".  Well the answer is easy, through the magic of XML!  The enterprise
gem allows you to write your Ruby code in XML, therefore making your Ruby and
Rails code scale.  Benefits of writing your code in XML include:

  * It's easy to read!
  * It scales!
  * Cross platform
  * TRANSFORM! your code using XSLT!
  * Search your AST with XPath *or* CSS!

The enterprise gem even comes with a handy "enterprise" binary to help you
start converting your existing *legacy* Ruby code in to scaleable, easy to
read XML files.  Let's start getting rid of that nasty Ruby code and replacing
it with XML today!

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* require files completely written in XML
* convert existing legacy ruby code to XML

== SYNOPSIS:

Let's say you have some legacy Ruby code that looks like this:

  class Foo
    def hello_world
      "bar"
    end
  end
  
  puts Foo.new.hello_world

Let's convert that crappy ruby code to XML:

  <?xml version="1.0"?>
  <s>
    <block type="Symbol" value="block"/>
    <s>
      <class type="Symbol" value="class"/>
      <Foo type="Symbol" value="Foo"/>
      <special type="NilClass" value=""/>
      <s>
        <scope type="Symbol" value="scope"/>
        <s>
          <defn type="Symbol" value="defn"/>
          <special type="Symbol" value="hello_world"/>
          <s>
            <args type="Symbol" value="args"/>
          </s>
          <s>
            <scope type="Symbol" value="scope"/>
            <s>
              <block type="Symbol" value="block"/>
              <s>
                <str type="Symbol" value="str"/>
                <bar type="String" value="bar"/>
              </s>
            </s>
          </s>
        </s>
      </s>
    </s>
    <s>
      <call type="Symbol" value="call"/>
      <special type="NilClass" value=""/>
      <puts type="Symbol" value="puts"/>
      <s>
        <arglist type="Symbol" value="arglist"/>
        <s>
          <call type="Symbol" value="call"/>
          <s>
            <call type="Symbol" value="call"/>
            <s>
              <const type="Symbol" value="const"/>
              <Foo type="Symbol" value="Foo"/>
            </s>
            <new type="Symbol" value="new"/>
            <s>
              <arglist type="Symbol" value="arglist"/>
            </s>
          </s>
          <special type="Symbol" value="hello_world"/>
          <s>
            <arglist type="Symbol" value="arglist"/>
          </s>
        </s>
      </s>
    </s>
  </s>

Now, simply save that XML file out to "test.xml".  With the enterprise gem,
to execute this xml file, we just do:

  $ enterprise_ruby test.xml

enterprise lets you do a require on pure xml files too.  We can load the
test.xml file like so:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'enterprise'
  require 'test'

The final feature is an enterprise migration assistant.  To migrate an entire
project to be enterprise, just do this:

  $ enterprise some_directory

To make a single file enterprise, just give it the filename:

  $ enterprise some_file.rb

I'm sure you're asking yourself, "how much does this enterprise solution cost
me?".  Well, like any good enterprise system, it is insanely expensive.  This
gem will cost you eleventy billion dollars payable to me, now.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Like all good enterprise solutions, we do our best to get you stuck in a web
of dependencies.  We are working hard to increase the number of dependencies,
but here is the current list

* ruby2ruby
* ruby_parser
* nokogiri
* polyglot

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install enterprise

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Aaron Patterson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
